# Agosto - Final Project
_Final Project for LIS 5937: Introduction to Python_

Hello! This is my final project for LIS 5937: Introduction to Python. I struggled with using Python throughout the semester, so this project was challenging for me. There was plenty of frustration during this process, but the project did help improve my understanding of Python and for that I am grateful.  

After looking at the Rock, Paper, Scissors examples provided on Canvas, I decided I wanted to do a game simulation. I initially started with Tic Tac Toe as my game but got frustrated creating the board. I became so flustered that I ended up switching games to Guess the Number, then to a trivia quiz game covering Amendments discussed Criminal Procedure. Dr. Friedman wanted my code to be more personal and unique to myself, so I went with something I know my graduating law students or law students in Criminal Procedure could utilize. Ideally, I wanted to create a code that would work, since I could not get some of my prior assignments to work. I think I was able to do that for this project, but I welcome any feedback stating the contrary. I appreciate Dr. Friedman providing suggestions and patience with me as I worked on my project. 

In terms of methodology, I created this project mainly through (plenty of) trial and error. There are some things I could not figure out, like randomly generating the questions in different orders even when I inputted variations of random.choice(). I often would type in lines for my code and would receive error messages. I also struggled with getting the code to simulate. I ended up watching several YouTube tutorial videos and visiting different resources (Python Cookbook, etc.) to figure it out and troubleshoot different techniques/codes for my project. I also, as mentioned above, reached out to Dr. Friedman for help. 
